Don't be impulsive later
Otherwise it will be stopped again. It's not right
Even the boss said that you have a heroic plot of bravery and courage
Why are you afraid of this now? It depends on who is right
I don't care
You can't
I'm worried that something happened to you
Can you stop doing this and always move me
Then you marry me
You can toss with me
What happened
Husband saved you
You can say it again. What's wrong with my husband?
But you can leave this matter alone, you don't know
Wang Yimei's death hit me hard
I feel I am responsible
So I want to do something
It's a comfort to your conscience, don't blame yourself
You didn't do anything wrong
We're doing this for his own good
He's just like your mother and the woman who was abused
He can't make up his mind in life
Is it a relief for him to die?
So don't blame yourself all the time
Think about it, what do I think
You have to catch up with your pace when you grow up
Can't always leave you so alone
I heard you made a big discovery, yes